[PowerPoint] (tags) work with tags (#2611)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/powerpoint/tagging-presentations-slides-shapes.md

There are two main scenarios for using tags:

- When applied to a slide or a shape, a tag enables the object to be categorized for batch processing. For example, suppose a presentation has some slides that should be included in presentations to the East region but not the West region. Similarly, there are alternative slides that should be shown only to the West. Your add-in can create a tag with the key `REGION` and the value `East` and apply it to the slides that should only be used in the East. The tag's value is set to `West` for the slides that should only be shown to the West region. Just before a presentation to the East, a button in the add-in runs code that loops through all the slides checking the value of the `REGION` tag. Slides where the region is `West` are deleted. The user then closes the add-in and starts the slide show.
- When applied to a presentation, a tag is effectively a custom property in the presentation document (similar to a [CustomProperty](/javascript/api/word/word.customproperty) in Word).

## Tagging slides and shapes

> A tag is a key-value pair, where the value is always of type `string` and is represented by a [Tag](/javascript/api/powerpoint/powerpoint.tag) object. Each type of parent object, [Presentation](/javascript/api/powerpoint/powerpoint.presentation), [Slide](/javascript/api/powerpoint/powerpoint.slide), and [Shape](/javascript/api/powerpoint/powerpoint.shape) object has a `tags` property of type [TagsCollection](/javascript/api/powerpoint/powerpoint.tagcollection).

Reviewer: The "Each type of parent object..." sentence is unclear to me. Are there parent objects in addition to Presentation, Slide, and Shape? A potential clarification: 
```suggestion
A tag is a key-value pair, where the value is always of type `string` and is represented by a [Tag](/javascript/api/powerpoint/powerpoint.tag) object. Each type of parent object, such as a [Presentation](/javascript/api/powerpoint/powerpoint.presentation), [Slide](/javascript/api/powerpoint/powerpoint.slide), or [Shape](/javascript/api/powerpoint/powerpoint.shape) object, has a `tags` property of type [TagsCollection](/javascript/api/powerpoint/powerpoint.tagcollection).
```

### Adding, updating, and deleting tags

To add a tag to an object, call the [TagCollection.add](/javascript/api/powerpoint/powerpoint.tagcollection#add_key__value_) method of the parent object's `tags` property. The following is an example of adding a two tags to the first slide of a presentation. About this code, note:

> - The first parameter of the `add` method is the key.

Reviewer: To reiterate, in case someone skips to this "Adding" section without reading the preceding paragraph. 
```suggestion
- The first parameter of the `add` method is the key in the key-value pair. 
```

1. Create a method that tags the currently selected slide as intended for `Premium` customers. About this code, note:

    - The `getSelectedSlideIndex` function is defined in the next step. It returns the 1-based index of the currently selected slide.
    - The value returned by the `getSelectedSlideIndex` function has to be decremented because the [SlideCollection.getItemAt](/javascript/api/powerpoint/powerpoint.slidecollection#getItemAt_index_) method is 0-based.

    ```javascript
    async function addTagToSelectedSlide() {
      await PowerPoint.run(async function(context) {
        let selectedSlideIndex = await getSelectedSlideIndex();
        selectedSlideIndex = selectedSlideIndex - 1;
        const slide = context.presentation.slides.getItemAt(selectedSlideIndex);
        slide.tags.add("CUSTOMER_TYPE", "Premium");
    
        await context.sync();
      });
    }
    ```

2. Create a method to get the index of the selected slide. The following is an example. Note about this code:

    - It uses the [Office.context.document.getSelectedDataAsync](/javascript/api/office/office.document#getSelectedDataAsync_coercionType__callback_) method of the Common JavaScript APIs.

>     - The call to `getSelectedDataAsync` is embedded in a Promise-returning function. For more information about why and how to do this, see [Wrap Common APIs in promise-returning functions](../develop/asynchronous-programming-in-office-add-ins.md#wrap-common-apis-in-promise-returning-functions).

Reviewer: In a team meeting recently, we decided: "The `Promise` object should be capitalized and in code ticks. The concept of a promise should be lower case." 
```suggestion
    - The call to `getSelectedDataAsync` is embedded in a promise-returning function. For more information about why and how to do this, see [Wrap Common APIs in promise-returning functions](../develop/asynchronous-programming-in-office-add-ins.md#wrap-common-apis-in-promise-returning-functions).
```

    - `getSelectedDataAsync` returns an array because multiple slides can be selected. In this scenario, the user has selected just one, so the code gets the first (0th) slide, which is the only one selected.

>     - The `index` value of the slide is the 1-based value the user sees beside the slide in the thumbnails pane.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - The `index` value of the slide is the 1-based value the user sees beside the slide in the PowerPoint UI thumbnails pane.
```

                    }
                } 
                catch (error) {
                    reject(console.log(error));
                }
            });
        });
    }
    ```

3. Create a method to delete slides that are tagged for premium customers. The following is an example. Note about this code:

    - Because the `key` and `value` properties of the tags are going to be read after the `context.sync`, they must be loaded first.

    ```javascript
    async function deleteSlidesByAudience() {
      await PowerPoint.run(async function(context) {
        const slides = context.presentation.slides;
        slides.load("tags/key, tags/value");
    
        await context.sync();
    
        for (let i = 0; i < slides.items.length; i++) {
          let currentSlide = slides.items[i];
          for (let j = 0; j < currentSlide.tags.items.length; j++) {
            let currentTag = currentSlide.tags.items[j];
            if (currentTag.key === "CUSTOMER_TYPE" && currentTag.value === "Premium") {
              currentSlide.delete();
            }
          }
        }
    
        await context.sync();
      });
    }
    ```

## Setting custom metadata on the presentation

> Add-ins can also apply tags to the presentation as a whole. This enables you to use tags for document-level metadata similar to how [CustomProperty](/javascript/api/word/word.customproperty)s are used in Word. But unlike Word `CustomProperty`s, the value of a PowerPoint tag can only be of type `string`.

Reviewer: A suggestion to avoid "CustomPropertys": 
```suggestion
Add-ins can also apply tags to the presentation as a whole. This enables you to use tags for document-level metadata similar to how the [CustomProperty](/javascript/api/word/word.customproperty)class is used in Word. But unlike the Word `CustomProperty` class, the value of a PowerPoint tag can only be of type `string`.
```
